Created logs-beta.md (#14223)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/logs-beta.md

Reviewer: Just noticed this that we can probably fix with this PR: https://posthog.com/docs/logs

<img width="1750" height="254" alt="CleanShot 2025-12-23 at 10 26 05@2x" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/aff1961b-b6bc-4a5e-9a8b-f7a64704804d" />

We started building [Logs (now in beta)](/docs/logs) right for this moment. Not as a new tool to adopt, but as the part of the investigation you were always headed toward anyway. Now you can get the backend context behind your errors and session replays right next to your favorite tools in PostHog, without having to leave the platform and open another tab. 

## Where context gets messy

When logs live outside the rest of your debugging workflow, they lose their most important attribute: context. You leave the error view, open another tool, recreate the timeframe, match request IDs, and hope you’re looking at the same execution path you were just investigating.

The logs are still accurate and the system is still observable. But the story you’re trying to piece together gets fragmented, and understanding takes longer than it should. At PostHog, we don’t think logs should be something you switch to. They should be something that’s already there when you need them.

## Debug faster with Logs right next to Session Replays and Error Tracking

> With Logs, the investigation stays continuous. When you’re looking at an exception, the logs surrounding that failure are immediately available. When you’re watching a session replay, you can see what the backend was doing during that exact interaction. When you’re investigating a specific user or event, the relevant logs are part of the same view, not a separate search problem.

Reviewer: Changing up the formatting for better texture
```suggestion
With Logs, the debugging journey is continuous. 

- When you’re looking at an exception, the logs surrounding that failure are immediately available. 
- When you’re watching a session replay, you can see what the backend was doing during that exact interaction. 
- When you’re investigating a specific user or event, the relevant logs are part of the same view, not a separate search problem.
```

> You're no longer reconstructing the timeline manually. The frontend behavior, backend activity, and failure point stay connected, which makes understanding faster and far less error-prone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You're no longer reconstructing the timeline manually. The frontend behavior, backend activity, and failure point stay connected, making understanding faster and less error-prone.
```

![Logs integration](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/Group_2_06b7915c26.png)

> ## What's next

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What's next for Logs and the debugging journey
```
